The War Doctrine 
of 
A Soothing Breeze Abound 
A Faithfully Fruitful Tree Sustaining 
A Commensurate Confidant 
& 
A witty Companion 

The most important philosophy of warfare is 
to not become your own enemy and that of humanity 
due to animosity towards compassion, intellect or nature. 
This is because, there is absolutely no refuge or redemption 
for the enemies of nature. 
Having understood the above precept, reflect on the following: 

What further strategy or tactics will you ever need
once you completely surround and inundate your mortal enemies?

The most important rule of warfare is compassion. Compassion will help you avoid warfare. You must have compassion not only for yourself and for your allies but also for your enemy. The universe is dynamic and the concepts of friend and foe are not in the least bit static. If you do not have compassion for your friends and treat them coldly or use them ruthlessly, they will turn into foes. If you preemptively kill your friends knowing that they could turn into foes, you will lose all your friends and thereby become the ultimate loser. If you treat a foe condescending and without compassion, you will embolden them. And if you kill them, you will lose the potential of having a valuable friend. As such, not having compassion will cause you to become your own enemy as well as that of every ecology.  

The second most important rule of warfare is patience. Patience will help you avoid warfare. If you have been attacked then retaliating without strategy, tactical advantages as well as proper supplies and support will render you to your doom. Patiently study the attacker(s), excavate their motives if possible. This will help you understand their cybernetic weaknesses. Make sure that you are not being drawn out or goaded through petty insinuations and provocations. And make sure that you do not become snared by a "false flag attack" from your so-called friends. When attacking: wait for opportunities, wait till your opponent at least shows up, wait for strengthening your own forces by giving them a sense of hope, rest, nourishment, and medicine. Above all else, avoid a cascade of long battles. All these chores require utmost patience. As such, not having patience will cause you to become your own enemy as well as that of every ecology. 

The third most important rule of warfare is forgiveness. Forgiveness will help you avoid warfare. Quick and unplanned retaliation is a dire weakness, and apart from this kind of retaliation, any other kind will never bring you a sense of solace, peace or closure. Forgiving your enemy for their crimes against you, humanity and the world's ecology by not retaliating senselessly is a way of forgiving yourself, from the crimes of warfare that you could have committed against all of creation. You are certainly a greater being if you forgive an attacker or mend them towards rectitude via steadfast guidance. Such an act of courage and valor may go unnoticed by insidious fiends and ignoble mortals. You merely need to recognize that all in all, every act of goodness and kindness goes unwasted in The Eternal's Perview and Light. 

Be cognizant that in the comparison between fragrance and stench, it's simply not within the design of fragrance to overpower stench. But it is indeed within the design of stench to defile, subdue and overpower fragrance. If fragrance were to even attempt to become forceful, subversive, overpowering, or unforgiving by copying any bit of stench, it would invariably lose its subtlety and nobility. Devolving into stench is a ghastly and irrevocable tragedy! 

As such, not having any sense of reconciliation, mercy or forgiveness will cause you to become something worse than your own enemy - a loathsome enemy to all of creation among all realms and in every domain.  

Not avoiding warfare is already a way to become your own enemy. War is all consuming, all encompassing, and completely devoid of dignity and honor. There is no such thing as a just war, a holy war or a glorious war. And indeed, there isn't even such a thing as an "earnest" war that excuses gouging out material profits from victims and their lands in the form of "spoils of war." 
Wars are strictly a cancerous outburst within the societal genome. As such, wars are to be treated with precision care. In this sense - subjugation, placidity or "submissiveness" brought upon any people via terror, threats, intimidation, brutality, cruelty, sabotage, subterfuge, seduction, manipulation, harassment, coercion, guile, malevolent deceit or any form of attrition is not called peace. 
No form of war brings equanimity.

However, if you must wage war out of severe compulsion, a compulsory circumstance that does not involve being driven by greed, jealousy or wrath, nor by any designs for pilfering, pillaging and plundering, then you must know that you will still, invariably, copy the nature of stench and will thereby jeopardize the life of every being in this universe. In such unavoidable circumstances, you may end up choosing to temporarily devolve into stench, perhaps with a hope, wish or a prayer to cause the least amount of loss and destruction to the very existence of decency, compassion, patience, and forgiveness among all that is connected to the world’s ecology. 
It is certainly true that all parties lose in a war including those who think they have no stake in other people's conflicts. Especially the by-standing unassuming ones, who get classified as casualties of war or "collateral damage," are the most tragic outcomes of any war. So be emphatically concerned about the welfare and wellbeing of those simple people, who want nothing to do with combat, because if even you don't do so, then there will remain no one else left to discern the qualities of fragrance. And then only stench will pervade and prevail in this world. 
So, if you notice a war encroaching upon your doorstep, you can voluntarily go ahead and bring an end to it while preserving as much care, fortitude, compassion, patience and mercy as possible, amongst all beings within all realms, so as to never turn into stench like the rest of imperial or colonialist death worshipers and warmongers.

Be fragrance unto the world, 
be kind, be caring, be patient, be forgiving and,
most significantly of all, 
be!

Guru Brahma, guru vishnu, guru-devo-maheshwara.
Guru saakshi, guru vidya, guru-gurave-namaha.

Kul, audubi-Rabbil-Falaq, min sharri-maa-khalaq,
min sharril-ghasi keen idaa-waqb,
wa min sharri-hasidin idha-hasad.
